[All hosts](commands) Update getting started info (#3133)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/create-addin-commands.md

![Overview of add-in commands elements in the manifest. The top node here is VersionOverrides with children Hosts and Resources. Under Hosts are Host then DesktopFormFactor. Under DesktopFormFactor are FunctionFile and ExtensionPoint. Under ExtensionPoint are CustomTab or OfficeTab and Office Menu. Under CustomTab or Office Tab are Group then Control then Action. Under Office Menu are Control then Action. Under Resources (child of VersionOverrides) are Images, Urls, ShortStrings, and LongStrings.](../images/version-overrides.png)

## Step 1: Create the project

> We recommend you create a project by following one of the quick starts such as [Build an Excel task pane add-in](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md). Each quick start for Excel, Word, or PowerPoint will generate a project that already contains an add-in command (button) to show the task pane. Ensure that you have read  [Add-in commands for Excel, Word and PowerPoint](../design/add-in-commands.md) before using add-in commands.

Reviewer: Small tense suggestion.
```suggestion
We recommend you create a project by following one of the quick starts such as [Build an Excel task pane add-in](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md). Each quick start for Excel, Word, and PowerPoint generates a project that already contains an add-in command (button) to show the task pane. Ensure that you have read [Add-in commands for Excel, Word and PowerPoint](../design/add-in-commands.md) before using add-in commands.
```
